> [!PDF|yellow] [Learning GitHub Copilot -- Brent Laster -- 2025 -- O'Reilly Media, Inc_ -- 3ce0ba0ff136c2ac10406d4ab058d040 -- Anna’s Archive, p.24](Learning%20GitHub%20Copilot%20--%20Brent%20Laster%20--%202025%20--%20O'Reilly%20Media,%20Inc_%20--%203ce0ba0ff136c2ac10406d4ab058d040%20--%20Anna’s%20Archive.pdf#page=24&selection=15,0,26,28&color=yellow)
> > In this book, I’ll help you understand how to use GitHub Copilot’s capabilities—from performing code generation and completion, forming tests, and translating and explaining code, to working with repositories, pull requests, and issues directly in GitHub. You’ll see examples of using Copilot across multiple domains and programming languages. You’ll learn to leverage it to your advantage and craft prompts to get the best results. You’ll even learn how to add your own custom functionality to it. And you’ll understand how it does what it does, including why it sometimes doesn’t provide the results you expect—and how to mitigate those situations
> 
>

> ([GitHub Copilot is a cloud-based, generative artificial intelligence (AI) tool. Let’s break down these buzzwords. We can generically define AI as computers doing tasks that previously only humans were thought to be able to accomplish because of required reasoning and skills. More recently, this has also taken on the aspect of interacting with humans in a natural and human-like way through natural language processing (NLP), chat interfaces, and automated processing and decision making with AI agents](Learning%20GitHub%20Copilot%20--%20Brent%20Laster%20--%202025%20--%20O'Reilly%20Media,%20Inc_%20--%203ce0ba0ff136c2ac10406d4ab058d040%20--%20Anna’s%20Archive.pdf#page=25&selection=30,0,41,55&color=yellow))
> GitHub Copilot is a cloud-based, generative artificial intelligence (AI) tool. Let’s break down these buzzwords. We can generically define AI as computers doing tasks that previously only humans were thought to be able to accomplish because of required reasoning and skills. More recently, this has also taken on the aspect of interacting with humans in a natural and human-like way through natural language processing (NLP), chat interfaces, and automated processing and decision making with AI agents


> ([p.29](Learning%20GitHub%20Copilot%20--%20Brent%20Laster%20--%202025%20--%20O'Reilly%20Media,%20Inc_%20--%203ce0ba0ff136c2ac10406d4ab058d040%20--%20Anna’s%20Archive.pdf#page=29&selection=24,1,35,55&color=yellow))
> o appreciate the difference from traditional processing, think of learning a language and then conversing with someone who speaks it as a first language. You can learn the vocabulary and individual words and phrases. But in a conversation with someone who speaks this language well, you also need to gather and understand the context of what the other person is saying. This is so you can choose the right words or phrases to respond with. You also need to be able to frame your response in a context that will make sense to the other person. Language has syntax and structure, but the context of a conversation is how we ensure that syntax and structure make sense and convey

